:book: Add cluster-resource-set-controller to docs (#6782)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/architecture/controllers/cluster-resource-set.md

# `ClusterResourceSet` Controller

> The `ClusterResourceSet` provide a mechanism for applying resources in a cluster once it is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ClusterResourceSet` provides a mechanism for applying resources in a cluster once it is created.
```

> The `ClusterResourceSet` provide a mechanism for applying resources in a cluster once it is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ClusterResourceSet` provide a mechanism for applying resources - e.g. pods, deployments, daemonsets - to a cluster once it is created.
```

Author: @killianmuldoon little confused here, resource types should be of Secrets/ConfigMaps right?

Author: got it. Thanks.

![ClusterResourceSet Controller Activity Diagram](../../../images/cluster-resource-set-controller.png)

> Its main responsibilities are to:
> 1. Provide a means to specify a set of resources to apply automatically to newly-created and existing Clusters. Resources will be applied only once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its main responsibility is to automatically apply a set of resources to newly-created and existing Clusters. Resources will be applied only once.
```

> 2. Additions to the resource list to be reconciled immediately and will be applied to both new and existing matching clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
